DAFF-68 icon doco (#1758)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: docs/content/foundations/icons.mdx

Each icon in our library is meaningful and universal, to ensure users understand them. Icons should not be too detailed, to ensure they’re clear at all sizes.

> When using an icon with a button or link, the icon should appear before the text except when the icon indicates direction, e.g. Next or external links. If it's purpose is conveyed clearly by the link/button text mark the icon as decorative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an icon with a button or link, the icon should appear before the text except when the icon indicates direction, e.g. Next or external links. If it‘s purpose is conveyed clearly by the link/button text, mark the icon as decorative.
```
